Gregg here Wildwood guitars playing
a Fender American Vintage thin-skinned
62 Jazz Master serial number le double
zero four seven eight weighing in at
eight two point four four pounds this is
burgundy mist and it is undeniably
savage and delicious these are all
technical terms you just heard the neck
pickup with some filth on it let's see
her clean suit we got going on here if I
may be so bold is the idea it's got some
meat
it's got Sparkle but it's got the meat
what let's hear the middle position with
both pickups working together
through that bridge pickup by itself see
we got going on here
power mystery hammer of the gods dig it
fender american vintage since catch
isotope Jazzmaster in burgundy miss Greg
talk for a while with guitars wishing
you a fond adieu
you